#summary Program description and feature list

||[Contribute Contribute] to !MiniBuilder! Your help is needed.||

Flash *!MiniBuilder*, desktop version

 * It's lightweight (smaller than 3MB download)
 * Works on *Linux* and *Windows* (Mac will come in a future version)
 * It's Free and Open Source
 * May be not the fastest thing on Earth but you'll be surprised that code completion is there _in time_ when you need it.

= Project Types =

 * [PlayerProject Flash Player]
 * [AIRProject AIR Runtime]
 * [AVMProject AVM2 Tamarin shell]
 * [ModASProject Server-side AS3 (experimental)]

= General Features =

=== AS3 Code Highlight and Code Completion ===
 * parses code _as you type_ and recognizes your code structure
 * parses SWC and SWF libraries and adds typeinfo for code completion


 * Special code completion helpers:
  * regexp literals `/myregexp/.test(str)`
  * string literals `"str1,str2,str3".split(',')`
  * cast expressions `(value as MyClass).myClassMethod()` and `MyClass(value).myClassMethod()`

Code highlight is context sensitive, it is based on the same grammar engine as the completion.

=== Organizing ===

You can place your projects wherever you want on your disk and you are free to move the project
folder without breaking anything.

Easy to create a shortcut to start a particular project. On Windows, the ".actionScriptProperties" file is associated with !MiniBuilder.

=== Interface ===

*Multidocument interface*
Each project opens in a separate window.

*Multi-file/Multi-editor interface*

Can open different files of different types at once in tabs.

Existing editors: 
 * directory editor
 * actionscript editor
 * text editor
 * image viewer

The directory editor features a much desired function: open in system file explorer.

=== Project-wide search ===
Quickly and interractively find a file or directory in the project by typing any fragment of the local path.

=== Text search ===
Quick search: select and find next/previous occurrence without opening any window. Just doubleclick a word and press F3 to find next.

Regexp text search with !ActionScript !RegExp engine.

=== Jump to line number ===
Press Ctrl+G or Ctrl+L and enter line number.

=== Flex SDK integration ===

Incremental compilation.

Friendly display of errors and warnings, one-click open file and goto error line.
The errors are hinted as tooltips on the left editor bar.

=== Custom Fast Source Code !TextArea ===

Supports up to *thousands of lines* of code without becoming unresponsive.

All standard key and mouse shortcuts:
 * smart Home: press again to toggle beginning or column 0
 * ctrl+shift+left: select word left
 * etc


=== Keyboard shortcuts ===

Most used functions are available from keyboard. In a future version, keyboard shortcuts will be configurable.

=== Customisable toolbar ===

Add and remove buttons on the toolbar. All functions are available.

=== Other features ===

 * Add license block to all code files